Add various in-code documentation to BackendOnlyStdLib (#3507)
darklang/dark: fsharp-backend/src/BackendOnlyStdLib/README.md

# BackendOnlyStdLib

> Dark Functions which need to be run on the backend, due to their connection to the DB,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standard library functions which need to be run on the backend, due to their connection to the DB,
```

> Houses Dark Functions which need to be run on the backend, due to their connection to the DB,

Author: ```suggestion
Dark Functions which need to be run on the backend, due to their connection to the DB,
```

Reviewer: Maybe "Stdlib functions which"
